= Textbook chapter 7 (116-128) =

== 6-7 ==
* _Pontiac's War_: uprising of the natives
* _Proclamation of 1763_: prohibited settlement in the area beyond Appalachians. 
	- Angered the Americans


== 6-8 The Deep Roots of Revolution ==
* When Britain tried to tighten the control over America in 1763, many colonists became very angry because of two ideas:
	a) Republicanism: similar to the models of the ancient Greek and Roman republics, in which citizens willingly subordinated their private, selfish interests to the common good. Republicanism was ooposed to hierarchical and authoritarian institutions such as aristrocracy and monarchy.   
	b) Ideas derived from the radical Whigs: the Whigs feared the threat to liberty posed by the arbitrary power of the monarch and his ministers. 
* Colonial life where property onwership and political participation were relatively accessible. 
* Distance from the British government also weakens its impact on the colonists.

== 6-9 Mercantilism and Colonial Grievances ==
* Mercantilism: The London government looked on the American colonists like tenants: they were expected to furnish products needed in the mother country such as cash crops and raw materials; to refrain from making for export certain products, such as woolen cloth or beaver hats; to buy imported manufactured goods exclusively from Britain.
	- Laws like _Navigation Act_ enforced the mercantilist system
* Americans felt like they were being mistreated due to
	a) Currency shortages due to more import than export 
	b) Their welfare was being sacraficed for the well-being of British commercial intersts.
	c) British crown also reserved the right to nullify any legislation passed by the colonial assemblies.

== 6-10 The Merits and Menace of Mercantilism ==
* Before 1763, the various Navigation Laws placed no real burdens on the colonists due to loose enforcement (made smuggling possible)
* Americans also received benefits from mercantilism
	a) Exclusive market in the British tobacoo industrty
	b) Bounties to colonial producers of ship parts
	c) Protection of the world's mighties navy
* Neverthless, most colonists found the mercantilist system annoying

== 6-11 The Stamp Tax Uproar ==
* Due to the Seven Years' War, Britain held the biggest debt in the world.
* Thus, British government wanted more revenues from its colonies.
* Prime Minister George Grenville
	- hated by the colonists
	- Strictly enforced the Naviagation Act in 1763
	- Issued the Sugar Act in 1764
	- Quartering Act in 1765
	- _Stamp Tax_ in 1765
* _Stamp Tax_
	- To raise new revenues to support new military force
	- required for many items 
	- caused the colonists to protest
* Grenville regarded the Stamp Tax as reasonable and just, while Americans were outrageous, not only becasue they need to pay more, but also because they felt like their libreties were being threatened. 
* For instance, offenders of the Sugar Act and the Stamp Act would be trialed in the admiralty courts, where juries were not allowed and the burden of proof was on the defendents.
* Americans protested by claiming that parliment had no right to tax the colonies, but Grenville dismissed their protest, by saying that the parliment was supreme and undivided.
	- This caused the Americans to deny the authority of Parliment altogether.

== 6-12 Forced Repeal of the Stamp Act ==
* Protests against the Stamp Act
	a) Stamp Act Congress of 1765: brought together in New York City, 27 distinguished delegates from nine colonies drew a statement of their rights and grievances to the King & Parliment to repeal the legislation
		- Made little splashes, but it was still a significant step toward intercolonial unity
	b) _Nonimportation agreements_ against British goods
		- Stopped buying goods from Britain
		- More people joined the protest
		- Sometimes violence was also involved, especially among groups called _Sons/Daughters of Liberty_
		- England was hard hit, as one-quarter of British exports were devoted to the colonies. A lot of people lost their jobs, which force the parliment to repeal the Stamp Act
* Despite repealing the Stamp Act, Parliament soon passed the Declaratory Act, reaffirming Parliament's sovereignty over the colonies. The stage was set for continuing confrontation

== 6-13 The Townshend Tea Tax and the Boston "Massacre"==
* The new British prime minister Charles Townshend passe dthe Townshend Acts, which added some light import duty on glass, white lead, paper, paint and tea.
* Colonists was still angry about the act, especially when the British government suspened the legislature of New York in 1767 after passing the Townshend taxes. 
* Nonimportation agreements weren't as effective as before as the colonists took the new tax less seriously than before.
* British governments landed some troops in Boston in 1768, and liberty-loving citizens hated them.
* A clash took place in 1770, where several people were shot dead and injured by the soldiers, which was known as the Boston Massacre.

== 6-14 The Seditious Commitees of Correspondence ==
* Samuel Adams started the local commitees of correspondence in Massachusetts.
* Soon, an intercolonial committees of correspondence were organized: every colony had established a central committe through which it could exchnage ideas and information with other colonies.
* Laster evolved into the congress.

== 6-15 Tea Brewing in Boston ==
* British East India Company, overburdened with 17 million pounds of unsold tea, wanted to sell the tea to Americans with a lower price but with taxes.
* However, many colonists saw this move as an attempt to trick them to accpet the taxes.
* Thus, in most colonies, the tea shipped by the East India Company haven't even reached the hands of the colonists.
* _Boston Tea Party_
	- The governer of Massachusetts stubbornly allowed the ships to unload all their cargos. 
	- Therefore, hundreds of Bostonians disguised as Indians boarded the ship and dumped the tea into the sea.
	- Reactions varied as some applauded their actions, while some of the more conservatives complained.

== 6-16 Parliment Passes the "Intolerable Acts"==
* In response to the Boston Tea Party, the British government issued a series of acts to chastise Bostonm, which were later known as the "Intolerable Acts".
* Intolerable Acts:
	- Boston Port Act: closed Boston's port until it paid the money for the loss of the tea
	- Many rights were swept away
	- Town meetings were restricted
	- New Quartering Act, which allowed local authorities to lodge British soldiers anywhere, even in private homes. 
* Americans felt that their liberties were being violated.

== 6-17 Bloodshed ==
* Most Americans were sympathetic towards the Boston.
* Continental Congress 
	- First held in 1774, in response to the Intolerable Acts
	- 55 well respected men among twelve colonies (except for Georgia)
	- Created _The Association_, which called for a complete boycott of British goods: nonimportation, nonexportation, nonconsumption.
	- Did not declare independence, only protested against the taxes.
* Congress's petitions was rejected
	- A clash was about to begin
* In April 1775, British commander in Boston sent troops to nearby Lexington and Concord, where shots were being exchanged between the troop and the rebellians.
* There were about 300 casualties; a war has been declared between America and Britain.






































